Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?
semantic HTML is a agreed upon naming convention for the structure of a webpage. This benifits both the user and the developer. 
For users using something such a screen reader, it allows the program to efficiently and more effectively identify the structure of the page. 
For developers using something such a "div" tag for every element does not lead to very transparent code, and what each element should be about. 
Using tags such as header, nav, footer, p, h1 clearly identifies an element to be the navigation section, or a paragraph. 

2. What is the box model?
The box model is a structure provided to every HTML element. It consist of margin, padding, borders and content. The aesthetics of the element 
are manipulated using any of these properties. 

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?
Although they can be used for similar purposes as far as selecting a particular element, IDs are unique to each element. While an element may have
more than one class, it can only have one ID specific to itself. 

4. What does the z-index do?
Z index is the the third dimension in addition to x and y. Can be used to adjust layering. If you wanted to have the body of your page scroll 
under a header, you could adjust the z index so that the element is "beneath". 

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?
Similar to how in regular speech, "this" is used to reference a particular thing. "This" in javascript is used to provide clairvoyance. In the 
instance of similarly named propeties, to which do you refer? THIS one.  

6. What is a callback?
A callback is any function passed into another function as a parameter. 

7. What is a closure?
Similar to how a callback is a function passed into a function, a closure is a function passed out of the function. 
The returned function has the benifit of access to the parent function scope and harboring any variables declared within it. 

8. How does prototype work?
Prototypes are "built in" properties of an object. Most often functions that are accessed using dot notation. It is possible to add additional 
custom prototypes to objects. 

9. What is MVC?
MVC stands for Model, View and Controllers. 
Models are used for tracking and maintaining data. 
Views are used to display the data
Controllers are used to manipulate the data. 

10. What is the component lifecycle?
The lifecycle of a component refers to its "existence" in relation to the DOM. The constuctor stage is where it inializes what is needed in order to 
operate. ComponentDidMount is once the component has mounted to the DOM. Render is what will be visually rendered. There are many events in the 
lifecycle and each one allows a developer to manipulate code at any stage as needed in the life of a component. 

11. What is REST?
Representative State Transfer. 

12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express
req.params - req.params.id - This would pull the id parameter of a request
req.path - req.path - This would only give you the relative path of  URL omitting any queries or params. 
req.cookies - req.cookies.user - This would get any cookies sent along with a request



create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

13. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:
SELECT * FROM users

-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':
INSERT INTO users (name, email) VALUES ('Brian', 'fake@fake.com')

-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':
UPDATE users SET name = 'Bobby Boy' WHERE id = $1

-Delete the newly updated user:
DELETE FROM users where id = $1


